Title: Civil Litigation

----

Pageheadline: Civil Litigation

----

Pagecontent:

All aspects of Civil Litigation undertaken - Dispute Resolution

Our clients need to take advice on the best way to avoid a dispute, negotiate settlement or decide on the most appropriate dispute resolution process to use. 

Our solicitors priority is to protect our client’s interests. We try to resolve problems at the earliest possible point thereby keeping costs to a minimum. 

If we are unable to avoid confrontation on your behalf we will apply our specialist and tactical knowledge to obtain the best possible result to the situation in hand. 

With a very high success rate in litigious matters we think our triumphs speak for themselves. 

Since the small claim limit increased in 2013 we have introduced fixed fees for assisting you through the process with this type of work, see our news page and click on more news for fixed rates charged.

All Contractual Disputes undertaken whether against an Individual or on a Commercial Matter.

Breach of Contract Claims
Residential landlord & tenant disputes including rent arrears
Validity of Competitive Restraints
Landlords withholding deposits & unlawful evictions
Disputes over Terms & Conditions of Business
Repair & disrepair claims
Statutory or Regulatory Breaches
Nuisance & Neighbour disputes
Battle of the Forms
Repossession claims
Termination clauses
Residential extension
Claims against builders
Liability
Contentious Probate Claims
Winding up

**Fixed Fees for assisting with small claim work as set out below**

Small Claims up to £5,000

Up to 1 hour interview and general advice limited to a reduced rate fixed fee  £150 plus VAT

Drafting Particulars of Claim in suitable cases £100 plus VAT

Drafting Defence in suitable cases £100 plus VAT

Drafting list of documents (limited volume) £100 plus VAT

Up to 1 hour attendance and drafting witness statement £200 plus VAT

Up to an hour advising on evidence and procedure at hearing £150 plus VAT

Small Claims from £5,000 to £10,000 

Up to 1 hour interview and general advice limited to a reduced rate fixed fee   £150 plus VAT

Drafting Particulars of Claim in suitable cases  £200 plus VAT

Drafting Defence in suitable cases £200 plus VAT

Drafting list of documents (limited volume) £150 plus VAT

Up to 1 hour attendance and drafting witness statement £200 plus VAT

Up to an hour advising on evidence and procedure at hearing £150 plus VAT

If you have a problem then please do not hesitate to contact us for advice at KJL Solicitors, Blofield Chambers, The Street, Blofield, Norwich, NR13 4AA. We are based just outside Norwich within minutes of the A47 and with parking right outside our offices.

----

Pagetitle: Civil Litigation

----

Keywords: Civil Litigation, Solicitors, Small Claim Assistance, Fixed Fees, Norwich, Norfolk, East Anglia

----

Description: We have specialist civil litigation solicitors and are situated just outside Norwich, Norfolk. We offer Fixed fees for small claim assistance.

----

Pageimage:

- kjl_large_logo.png

----

Robotsindex: index

----

Robotsfollow: follow