Title: Testimonial Original

----

Pageheadline: Client Testimonials

----

Pagecontent:

The Legal 500 in 2008 quoted the following about Kerry Joan-Law in the categories listed below:-

Employment: climbs the table, with clients praising Kerry Joan-Law’s ‘ professionalism, commercial and local knowledge’ and personal involvement in matters.

 

Dispute Resolution and Commercial Litigation: Clients appreciate the ‘professional approach and unquestionable knowledge’ of Kerry Joan-Law who ‘personally ensures that her clients’ interests are protected’.

 

And here are just a few more snippets from some of the testimonials gathered over the past years all originals can be inspected at our office.  Your satisfaction is our business…….

 

"Kerry Joan-Law handles all or litigation requirements.  Professional in her approach her knowledge is unquestioned with the ability to ensure that complex issues are translated and understood easily to the client.  When Kerry is instructed she personally ensures that her clients interests are protected and all avenues are explored meaning her feedback to the client offers all available options to proceed whilst explaining what if any risk is associated.”

 

“Friendly, no nonsense and tactical. I would have no hesitation recommending you to any other business.”

 

“Thank you for your help we trust you implicitly”.

 

“Rarely have I ever seen someone who can cut through complex to make simple the facts. Once again many thanks.”

 

“Firstly I would like to thank you for all your efforts, including at the weekend, in taking every effort to put me back on track…..I have the confidence that matters are being handled in a highly competent manner”.

 

“At a time of much stress and confusion Ms. Joan-Law gave us confidence that we were being looked after….Thank you”.

 

“May I take this time to thank you for your invaluable time and advice”.

 

“I would like to express my sincere thanks and appreciation once again for all your professional expert advice and support regarding my case. I undoubtedly could not have had a better service”.

 

“I was given options that gave me confidence to know there was a way forward. To empower and encourage people to make the move forward is enlightening as it can be frightening when facing a large company”.

 

“Friendly service, kept clients interests in the fore & sought the best possible outcome. Well advised.”

 

“Thanks for all your time earlier, it was greatly appreciated”.

 

“I must thank you again for all your very hard work”.

 

“We thank you for all your help and interest in settling this matter for us, my aunt is very pleased to have her money returned to her.”

 

“Thank you for your letter [ confirming ], thank you also for your explanation concerning fast track, it is appreciated. I see that the Court is more generous in its calculation of interest than I was in my estimated calculation, I do not have a problem with that! Thanks again for your thorough explanation of my matters, and all your invaluable help”.

 

“Thank you very much for all your help”.

 

“Again thanks for your appreciated services in this matter”.

 

“A [ ] telephoned with regard to some excellent advice you gave him a couple of weeks ago regarding his mothers property boundary. [He has taken the following steps……..] and would like further advice on anything else he should be doing”.

 

Kerry I saw [ ] at the [ ] Rugby festival on Sunday. He was pleased with your presentation. ……………..and writes, “Dear All, I am delighted to report following a meeting yesterday with [ ] at [ ] Solicitors. I wish all members of staff to recommend this firm to Landlords in the event of repossession/arrears proceedings being required without a Rent and Legal Insurance Policy being in place. I am satisfied that Kerry Joan Law has all the experience necessary to recommend her to our clients with complete confidence. Her success rate speaks for itself”.

 

Tim has briefed me, and I write the following “I can highly recommend Kerry Joan Law of [ ] solicitors for employment related legal advice. Kerry has been helping me with a complex dismissal case that’s gone to a Tribunal and I have found her advice straightforward timely and cut down to the facts. I have copied Kerry in so you can make contact with each other to see if she can help”.

 

“I want to thank you for the time and support you have given me concerning this matter. The way you offered to help complete strangers meant a lot to me and money can’t buy kindness, enclosed find vouchers, a small token of my appreciation. Once again my sincerest thanks.”

 

“Thank you for your friendly helpful service which is effective and efficient”.

 

“Everything was explained in plain English so I knew exactly where I stood over the issue. There were no false promises”.

 

“You have helped us before and thereafter, if necessary we will come to you in the future”.

 

“You gave understandable and friendly advice given in a friendly style that is important in distressing circumstances”.

 

“Taking our calls out of hours and particularly at weekends to hold our hands and eradicate our fears through moments of extreme worry. You shone like a star and delivered as promised the result which we never thought possible. We have never known a lawyer who has delivered to such a high standard with such a likeable persona. We will definitely be using you again in the future and will recommend you to all we know.”

 

“Every inch the London Lawyer you promised you were and what a result against opposition equally matched. How can we ever thank you and find suitable praise for your genius.”

 

“Person who recommended you to me said you were very good I believe he was right.”

 

“A down to earth approach is refreshing.”

 

“I am really please with your advice, it has been very useful.”

 

“Thanks for your time and advice very much appreciated as always.”

 

“Dear Kerry, thank you for putting my mind at ease I am so grateful.”

 

“All I can say is “spot on” Great, that’s exactly the letter they need! P.s if this stops them champagne is coming your way!”

 

“you’ve been brilliant”

 

“Dear Kerry thanks for meeting me today I will get the information/docs asap and drop them into you. Thanks for the straightforward and sensible advice.”

 

A full inspection of our book of recommendations and testimonials are available to be viewed in their original state at the office of KJL Solicitors along with many other kind comments not featured here.  We are implicit about protecting the identity and confidentiality of our clients therefore square brackets have been used to mask names or sensitive information where appropriate. The snippets featured above are just a small sample of the many thank you letters received.

 

KJL Solicitors, Blofield Chambers, The Street, Blofield, Norwich, NR13 4AA

----

Pagetitle: Client Testimonials

----

Keywords: Testimonials, Satisfied, Clients, KJL Solicitors, Blofield, Norwich

----

Description: Testimonials and statements from satisfied clients for KJL Solicitors based in Blofield, just north of Norwich and two minutes from the A47.

----

Pageimage: - kjl_large_logo.png

----

Robotsindex: index

----

Robotsfollow: follow