Title: Fixed Fee Divorce

----

Pageheadline: Fixed Fee Divorce

----

Pagecontent:

(link: /financial-consent-order arialabel: Financial Consent Order text: Financial Consent Order)
(link: /fixed-fee-divorce arialabel: Fixed Fee Divorce text: Fixed Fee Divorce)
(link: /grounds-for-a-divorce arialabel: Grounds For A Divorce text: Grounds For A Divorce)
(link: /high-net-worth-divorce arialabel: High Net Worth Divorce text: High Net Worth Divorce)
(link: /seven-steps-to-a-divorce arialabel: Seven Steps to a Divorce text: Seven Steps to a Divorce)

What if legal aid is not available?

KJL Solicitors are delighted to be able to offer low cost fixed fees for divorce. We recognise that divorcing can be a stressful not least the question of ‘how much will this cost?’ For ease, simplicity and certainty, we offer two fixed fee divorce packages for the full divorce process.

We offer a fixed fee for those who want to start the divorce ‘the petitioner fixed fee’ and a fixed fee for those who have received the divorce papers ‘the respondent fixed fee'.

We also offer fixed fees for specific and limited areas of the divorce process.

Preparation of Divorce Papers
Completing Acknowledgement
The fixed amount quoted is what it will cost for each process and is available for those who qualify and have an undefended divorce. 

What is included in the petitioner fixed fee of £550 plus VAT?

Initial consultation
All divorce correspondence with our client, their spouse and the Court
Preparing the Court documents
Working together to finalise the Court papers
Receiving the Acknowledgement of Service
Preparing the application for Decree Nisi and sending it to our client
Applying for the Decree Nisi
Receiving confirmation of the date of Decree Nisi
Receiving Decree Nisi and sending it to our client
Preparing the application for Decree Absolute and sending it to our client
What is included in the respondent fixed fee of £275 plus VAT?

Initial consultation
All divorce correspondence with our client, their spouse and the Court
Completing the Acknowledgement and returning it to the Court
Receiving confirmation of the date of Decree Nisi
Receiving Decree Nisi and sending it to our client
Receiving Decree Absolute and sending it to our client
What is not included in the fixed fees?

Petitioner

VAT

The Court fee (£550) to issue the Petition for Divorce

Drafting or dealing with a financial consent order

Respondent

VAT

Both Petitioner and Respondent

Expenses charged by other professionals, for example the cost of obtaining a replacement marriage certificate.

Unforeseen circumstances and complexities, for example if the divorce becomes defended, or papers require amending, or a spouse fails to progress or cooperate with the divorce, or there are issues about divorce costs.

Any advice or correspondence relating to financial issues or matters concerning children.

In situations where there is need for additional work which is not included within the fixed fee our clients are immediately advised and no further expense will be incurred until a new fee arrangement is agreed. 
Variations from the agreed fixed fee will occur if the work needed has changed. If this occurs our solicitors consider the change and impact upon the divorce process, and if developments fall outside the agreed plan of action then our clients are immediately notified in writing and retain the choice of accepting a new arrangement.

Additional fixed fees

In addition to the no contest fixed fee divorce packages set out above we also offer limited pieces of work which are provided at a fixed cost plus VAT to provide assistance to those who want limited help. These include:-

Preparation of Divorce Papers - £235 plus VAT

This fee is for those who wish to petition for divorce but do not want to have the involvement of solicitors through the process. It covers an initial consultation, specific advice relevant to the divorce and preparation of the Court papers. Our solicitors will prepare the documents to start the Court process which can be taken away and used. 
Although this is a limited piece of work, experience shows that accurate and detailed papers setting out the reasons for divorce can make all the difference to the process and the outcome. 
This package can help and support those who wish to petition for divorce but also wish to limit the costs by dealing with the process themselves whilst having the confidence to know that there is good prospects of success as their paperwork is right.

Completing Acknowledgement of Divorce Papers - £117.50 plus VAT

This fee is for those who have received divorce papers but do not want to have the involvement of solicitors through the divorce process. 
It covers an initial consultation, specific advice relevant to the divorce and completion of the Acknowledgement received with the papers. 
The completed Acknowledgement can be taken away to be filed with the Court. Although this is a limited piece of work, experience shows that accurate completion of the Acknowledgement can make all the difference to the process. 
This package can assist those who wish to agree to the divorce but also wish to limit the costs by dealing with the process themselves whilst having the confidence to know that the Acknowledgement is completed correctly and that they have complied with requirements of the Court.

----

Pagetitle: Fixed Fee Divorce

----

Keywords: Fixed Fee Divorce, Fixed, Fee, Divorce, Solicitors, Great Yarmouth, Norwich, Norfolk

----

Description: We offer a fixed fee for those who want to start the divorce & a fixed fee for those who have received the divorce papers.

----

Pageimage:

- kjl_large_logo.png

----

Robotsindex: index

----

Robotsfollow: follow